audio log number one is right after you
cross it first bridge you'll come off
around you'll be on your right under
some debris Audio log number two will be
available right after Metroplex destroys
the first warp gun if you continue down
the main route they'll be on your right
right before you go up to ramp to the
second floor
Audio log number three is in the area
where Metroplex destroys a bridge and
marauders after you cleared enemies
below jump down pick up the molecular on
fuse you'll need to charge up the
gravity pad to jump up into the blocked
area and there will be
all right after Metroplex gives a few
Decepticons the down-low head down to
the lowest portion to stairwell and
audio log number four will be there
starting off where you found audio log
number four go up to the mid-level knock
down the gate make a left
pry open the door use the grab pad to go
to the top follow the path and you'll
find blueprint number one
Audio log number five can be found at
the crash site of the downed Autobot
dropship just clear out the enemies down
below jump down and to the right and it
will be behind a pillar look print
number two can be found with warpath and
his team in the plaza right after you
rescue them they'll be right behind him
in a dumb dropship Audio log number six
can be found on the back of a giant
statue head that's blocking a path you
and your path will move it and go around
it and you'll find it right there
Audio log number seven and the last
collectible for this chapter can be
found right after Metroplex saved you
from a bunch of leavers just continue
down the corridor make a left and you'll
see it on the floor congratulations